README.md, before:

<!--
**fidaurrehman160/fidaurrehman160** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
<h1 align="center">Hey there 👋, I'm Fida Ur Rehman</h1>

<p align="center">
  💻 Full-stack Web Developer • 🛡 Cybersecurity Specialist • 👑 Owner <a href="https://github.com/RandomSyncOrg" target="_blank">@RandomSyncOrg</a>
</p>

---

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/I3I11IO07L)

### 🚀 About Me

- 🔧 I build bots, dashboards, and full-stack web applications  
- 🔐 Strong focus on secure development & real-world cybersecurity  
- 🧠 Currently exploring **React**, **Tauri** and **Rust** to level up cross-platform development  
- 🛠 Experienced with:  
  `Python`, `Django`, `Flask`, `HTML`, `CSS`, `JavaScript`, `SQL`, `Discord.js`, `Git`, `Linux`

---

### 🏗 Projects I'm Working On

- 🤖 **Discord Moderation & Ticket Bot** – Automated bot for managing communities  
- 💰 **SimCoin Bot + Dashboard** – Economy system with web panel  
- 🎮 **FGame (Django Game Hub)** – Text-based mini-games in a secure environment  
- 🧩 **CyberLearn Hub (Planned)** – Educational platform for tech learners
- 🧪 Many experiments with bots, dashboards, and automation
- and many more..

---

### 📚 Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-092E20?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLite-003B57?style=flat&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

---

### 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=fidaurrehman160&show_icons=true&theme=radical" width="48%"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=fidaurrehman160&layout=compact&theme=radical" width="48%"/>
  <img src="https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bulletgg&limit=5&theme=radical&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true" />
</p>

---

### 🔒 TryHackMe Badges

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/F1D4URR3HM4N160.png" alt="TryHackMe Badge">
</p>

---

### 🌐 Portfolio  

React + Django-powered portfolio is **under development** and will be deployed here soon:

📍 **Coming soon at [https://fidaurrehman160.github.io](https://fidaurrehman160.github.io)

---

### 🔗 Connect with Me

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/1231178479093940245)  
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/f1d4urr3hm4n0ff1c14l)  
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61562376981391)  
[![Threads](https://img.shields.io/badge/Threads-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=threads&logoColor=white)](https://www.threads.net/@fidaurrehman160)  
[![X (Twitter)](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/fidaurrehman160)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:fidaurrehman160+profile@gmail.com)

---

> “Empowering others through secure code and real-world tools.”  
> — *Fida Ur Rehman*

Commit message:

Revise portfolio and email information in README
Updated portfolio link and email address in README.

README.md, after:

<!--
**fidaurrehman160/fidaurrehman160** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
<h1 align="center">Hey there 👋, I'm Fida Ur Rehman</h1>

<p align="center">
  💻 Full-stack Web Developer • 🛡 Cybersecurity Specialist • 👑 Owner <a href="https://github.com/RandomSyncOrg" target="_blank">@RandomSyncOrg</a>
</p>

---

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/I3I11IO07L)

### 🚀 About Me

- 🔧 I build bots, dashboards, and full-stack web applications  
- 🔐 Strong focus on secure development & real-world cybersecurity  
- 🧠 Currently exploring **React**, **Tauri** and **Rust** to level up cross-platform development  
- 🛠 Experienced with:  
  `Python`, `Django`, `Flask`, `HTML`, `CSS`, `JavaScript`, `SQL`, `Discord.js`, `Git`, `Linux`

---

### 🏗 Projects I'm Working On

- 🤖 **Discord Moderation & Ticket Bot** – Automated bot for managing communities  
- 💰 **SimCoin Bot + Dashboard** – Economy system with web panel  
- 🎮 **FGame (Django Game Hub)** – Text-based mini-games in a secure environment  
- 🧩 **CyberLearn Hub (Planned)** – Educational platform for tech learners
- 🧪 Many experiments with bots, dashboards, and automation
- and many more..

---

### 📚 Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-092E20?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLite-003B57?style=flat&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

---

### 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=fidaurrehman160&show_icons=true&theme=radical" width="48%"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=fidaurrehman160&layout=compact&theme=radical" width="48%"/>
  <img src="https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bulletgg&limit=5&theme=radical&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true" />
</p>

---

### 🔒 TryHackMe Badges

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/F1D4URR3HM4N160.png" alt="TryHackMe Badge">
</p>

---

### 🌐 Portfolio  

<!-- React + Django-powered portfolio is **under development** and will be deployed here soon:

📍 **Coming soon at [https://fidaurrehman160.github.io](https://fidaurrehman160.github.io) -->

It is under development. 

You can visit at [fida.qzz.io](https://fida.qzz.io/)

---

### 🔗 Connect with Me

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/1231178479093940245)  
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/f1d4urr3hm4n0ff1c14l)  
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61562376981391)  
[![Threads](https://img.shields.io/badge/Threads-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=threads&logoColor=white)](https://www.threads.net/@fidaurrehman160)  
[![X (Twitter)](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/fidaurrehman160)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:fidaurrehman160+profile@qzz.io)

---

> “Empowering others through secure code and real-world tools.”  
> — *Fida Ur Rehman*
